Hunter and Healer Alpha free APIs, two
mystery AI models just dropped on Open
Router for completely free. Nobody knows
who made them. Nobody has claimed them.
And right now today, they are sitting
there live and available for you to use
for free. Under Alpha has 1 trillion
parameters and over 1 million tokens of
context. That means it can hold an
entire business worth of information in
a single conversation and still reason
through it clearly. Healer Alpha can see
images, hear audio, watch video, reason
across all of them at once, and take
[music] um actions from there. So
together, they form something that has
never existed before. And here's what
makes this genuinely different from
every other AI drop you've seen this
year. Most free models are stripped
down, slow, and good for one thing at
best. These were dropped anonymously.
Some people are saying they're new
versions of GPT 5.5. And right now, the
entire AO world is asking the same
question, who built this? So, we're
going to test both models live in front
of you. We're going to run through some
real business use cases. Um, we're going
to show you exactly how to connect them
to your business for free. And we're
going to show you why the solarreneur
who moves fast on this right now gets a
serious edge over everyone uh still
waiting for perfect. So, let's get
straight into it. You can see these new
models right here. If you want to get
access, you can just go to open router.
So, if you want to try these for free,
you can go to open router and get access
to both models. Here's the details. So
you can see a million context window and
this is completely free as an API to use
right now. Bear in mind with stealth
models typically what happens is they
get released by a big company. So for
example like Pony Alpha was recently
released and then it then got released
to uh for example
um GLM 5. So just something to bear in
mind there is like these models
sometimes they come out later and that
sort of thing. So they get taken off the
market later. And then we've also got
for example Hila Alpha 2, right? So we
can see the details on Hila Alpha and
you can see it right here. This is again
another free model. This has a lower
context window but it's running
completely for free like you can see. Um
and you can get free access right there.
All right. So let's get straight into
using these models. So if we go to the
chat over here, we can get access. Um we
can actually compare both of these side
by side. So if we put Hunter alpha
inside here, we've got Hunter and Heila
Alpha. both ready and working right
there. And then from here, what we can
do is we can start using the APIs for
these. All right. So, if we go grab some
prompts. So, for example, let's say I
want to build a new landing page for
this website. We're going to go back to
the chat inside open router and we can
plug in the information and say create a
beautiful
fun website for this. All right. And
then we can click on create artifact as
well. So we can switch to landing page
as we're running a test for creating a
new landing page for the AR profit board
as an example. Now you can see both APIs
are running for free. So we got Hunter
Alpha there and we got Hila Alpha right
there. So these are generating responses
at the same time. Now another
interesting take this is by Mark
Crushman. As you can see he said GPT50
might be what we're looking at here. So
you can see here he said GT50 may have
surfaced on Open Routter as Hila Alpha.
So, some people might be saying it's a
new version of GPT50. Others are saying
it's GPT 5.5. Some people are saying
it's even Grock. So, it's kind of a
guess right now. Nobody knows what it is
or um what the models actually are, etc.
But either way, you can use them for
free. And we'll see the results right
here. So, we've got the example back
from Heila Alpha. The Heiler Alpha seems
to be a lot faster. And that's the
website that we've created free directly
inside Open Routter. Now you can also
get an API key for these and then you
could plug it into something like
openclaw. That's pretty simple and easy
to do as well. And you can see the
website itself looks pretty cool. It's a
nice background.
Looks good. Works perfectly. It's good
to go. Let's have a look at the version.
Yeah. So that's a full full screen
version. As you can see as well, we can
also download the code. So if you need
to download the code from anything like
that, you can just go to the version
that you want to check out and then just
click on download over here. And then if
you want to get out of this, so this is
the preview from Hila Alpha. Just click
the back button and then
you can click into Hunter Alpha version
as well. Hunter Alpha seems to be a lot
slower
on the outputs. So you can see that
these could be two different models.
Like for example, the faster one could
be GPT50 and then this version could
actually be like GPT 5.5 because it's a
bit slower. Could be like the thinking
version of it or that sort of thing. So
that's still generating that. just seem
really slow to reply but let's talk
about this. So
a framework that I've created for using
these API is called the alpha stack,
right? So you got Hunter alpha and you
got healer alpha. And these are two free
frontier models. So basically you can
use these in two different ways, right?
Hunter alpha can handle the brain work,
the planning, the reasoning, the
multi-step logic, the long context cuz
it's a million token context window and
also because it's a more powerful model,
right? Whereas for example, Helila alpha
handles the other stuff. So for example,
the images, the video, the audio, etc.
the multimodal input that most AI models
still can't do right now. Right now, if
we look at both of these models, Hunter
Alpha is a one trillion parameter model,
1 million token context window. It was
literally just released, is free to use.
It's built for a gentic uh planning and
multi-step reasoning, right? Whereas you
got Hila Alpha which is omnimodal so
vision hearing reasoning action much
smaller token context window at 262K
released on the same date free and both
of them we don't know which API they
relate to or which company they've been
built by. So we have a 30-day plan for
implementing this but I would recommend
just starting to test this out and and
seeing how it performs. Right? You can
get the 30-day plan with step-by-step
prompts each day inside the video notes
from today. But that's basically how it
works. We could try some other stuff as
well. So we actually got 100 prompts
inside the video notes too. So let's try
this right now. So what we can actually
do is combine web search inside open
router with a prompt like this. So if we
go back to open route here and now we've
got the new version from Hunter alpha as
well. So if we preview that, this is
the other output for the AR profit
boarding website. That's looking pretty
nice too. So either way these are great
for UI. I mean looks pretty cool.
interesting animated background as you
can see as well. The outputs look nice
and both of these websites worked first
time around when we were testing out the
APIs which is pretty cool too. And then
we can take a prompt like this as well.
So we can say okay who the you know
let's say you're doing research in your
niche. You can say okay who's the top
five competitors in the AI automation um
community niche or the SEO industry. And
then we can use both APIs as you can see
right here to test the outputs but also
to to use this you know for reasoning
for for example um content whatever you
want. Now you can combine the web search
with the free APIs which you can use at
the top and you can use both models at
the same time as well which is pretty
cool. Now let's also look at some new
empowering beliefs to to win with this
stuff right. So, you know, the old
belief was like people thought they
needed to pay for AI models to to get
good results. But as you've seen today,
you can use these free models. Uh
sometimes they're free and sometimes
they're released anonymously, right? So,
for example, Hunter Alpha has 1 trillion
parameters and over 1 million token um
of context. It's free. It was built by
someone who obviously has really good
infrastructure, right? So, you can use
this and you know, if you check in open
router regularly, you'll find stealth
models like this you can start testing.
Other people say, well, I'm not
technical enough to use these advanced
AI models. Honestly, if you can test and
type a sentence, you can run a frontier
model like this. You don't need to
install anything. You don't need to
write a line of code. You literally just
go to the chat inside open router,
enable artifacts like we've done today
and then you're good to go, right? And
as you've seen, we've already built two
new versions of my website. Some people
as well will say like free AI tools
always low quality, not worth my time,
blah blah blah. Honestly, like the level
and the free tiers of AI in 2026 are
really powerful, like far more powerful
than paid tiers um a couple of years
ago. So you know free models on open
routter for example like this are super
powerful they create great outputs and
and you know they're good to go from
there. So just to recap on everything
that we've covered today the two new
models are hunt alpha 1 trillion
parameters 1 million token context
window and then you got healer alpha
which is omnimodal 262k
context window um and free on open
router as well. You can use them inside
the chat. They're good to go. And if you
want to get all the video notes, the
frameworks, the 30-day road map from
today, and also 100 promps you can test
with this stuff, you can get that inside
the AI profit boardroom. This is my AI
automation community that helps you save
time, grow, and scale with AI
automation. Also, inside the community,
you can ask questions, get help, get
support whenever you need to. You can
also post inside the community. There's
always people online. There's actually
2,600 members inside here, which means
you can always get help and support like
pretty much 24/7, which is awesome as
well. And additionally, you can get
access to all of our video coaching
calls each week as well inside the
community. Now, at this point, you might
be saying, "Okay, that's great, but what
are people's results in in this
community like?" And you can see some
examples right here. So, we've actually
got 136 pages of testimonials from
people winning our training inside the
profit boardroom. So, there's lots of
cool people inside there. lots of people
getting results and you can see some
examples um right here as well. All
right, so it's like an infinite scroll
at this point of of people getting
results with the training that we do.
Now also you can see inside the map that
you can zoom in locally and meet people
in your local area, DM them, jump on a
Zoom call, connect with them, etc. And
then additionally inside the classroom
here, you can get all of our best
training. So for example, you can go
from beginner to expert with AI
automation and learn how to build your
first AI agent in under 5 minutes.
Additionally, you can, for example,
learn how to automate X and newsletters
and shorts and Instagram based on what's
working for me. So, you'll get access to
all of my best video tutorials and
step-by-step trainings here, too. On top
of that, you'll learn how learn all the
daily updates, which you can see right
here. So, we actually have a 6-hour
openclaw course and another 3-hour
course right here. And you can see that
each day we update these trainings with
the newest latest guides, video
tutorials, and step-by-step plans uh for
implementing all this stuff. Usually
with a 30-day road map and 100 prompts
you can test. So, we've already got four
new trainings added today. And I just
look at everything that's come out and
then I'm like, right, okay, here's the
most useful stuff for people inside the
community. Additionally, you can learn
how to get more clients for the agency
course. You can watch about the coaching
video course over here. You can learn
how to rank number one with AI SEO and
you can also learn how to grow a YouTube
channel based on what's working for me
inside the AI profit boardroom. link
inside the comments description or go to
the aiprofitbom.com.